RUN-16860-added-info-for-editing-and-viewing (#821)
run-ai/docs: docs/admin/runai-setup/authentication/sso.md

*Identity Provider (Idp)*&mdash; a system that creates, maintains, and manages identity information. Example IdPs: Google, Keycloak, Salesforce, Auth0.

## Prerequisites

For each of the SSO options, there are prerequisites that should be considered.

### SAML 2

**XML Metadata**&mdash;you must have an *XML Metadata file* retrieved from your IdP. Upload the file to a web server so that you have a URL to the file. The URL must have the *XML* file extension. For example, to connect using Google, you must create a custom SAML App [here](https://admin.google.com/ac/apps/unified){target=_blank}, download the Metadata file, and upload it to a web server.

### OIDC 

* **Discovery URL**&mdash;the OpenID server where the content discovery information is published.
* **ClientID**&mdash;the ID used to identify the client with the Authorization Server.
* **Client Secret**&mdash;a secret password that only the Client and Authorization Server know.

### OpenShift V4

> Before using OpenShift, first define OAuthClient to control various aspects of the OAuth flow, such as redirect URIs and authentication methods to ensure secure and approprpriate access to resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using OpenShift, first define OAuthClient. The OAuth client interacts with OpenShift’s OAuth server to authenticate users and request access tokens.
```

To define OAuthClient, follow these steps:

> 1. Create a new ```OAuthClient``` Kubernetes object with the following content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new ```OAuthClient``` Kubernetes object with the following content. 
Replace the `<runai_env_url>` with the URL of your Run:ai platform.
Replace `my-client` and `this-is-my-secret` with client name and secret you choose.
```

        5. In the `User attributes` field enter the attribute and the value in the identity provider. (optional)
        6.When complete, press `Save`.

		After you have configured the OIDC settings, you can view and edit the identity provider settings. 
    	  
    	Press `Edit` to view and edit the:
    
        * Discovery URL.
        * Client ID.
        * Client secret.

	=== "OpenShift V4"

>         1. In the `Discovery URL` field, enter the discovery URL .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. In the `Base URL` field, enter you OpenShift Base URL (https://api.<your-openshift-domain>:6443).
```
